Adding streaming connector extension docs (#4534)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/use-cases/streaming-tutorials/expose-a-kafka-topic-as-a-managed-websocket-api.md

The Streaming Integrator (SI) component in WSO2 API Manager (WSO2 API-M) can consume events from a third-party streaming provider topic (e.g., Kafka topic) and publish those events to a Streaming Backend (e.g., WebSocket Streaming Backend) in a streaming manner. When a stream of events are received by the third-party streaming provider source (e.g., Kafka source), they are published to the Streaming Backend simultaneously. 

> Streaming integrator is one of the WSO2 API-M components that has the capability to connect with multiple external sources/sinks. Streaming Integration Tooling is another component that provides developer friendly tools. In this tutorial, Streaming integrator is used as the integration point with Kafka. Then the events received from Kafka (`SweetProductionStream`) are exposed via a web socket server using a sink in Streaming integrator. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Streaming integrator is one of the WSO2 API-M components that has the capability to connect with multiple external sources/sinks. Streaming Integration Tooling is another component that provides developer friendly tools. In this tutorial, Streaming integrator is used as the integration point with Kafka. Then the events received from Kafka (`SweetProductionStream`) are exposed via a webSocket server using a sink in Streaming integrator. 
```

> Once we have the relevant sinks defined we can use the AsyncAPI generation functionality in Steaming Integration Tooling to generate the relevant AsyncAPI definition and then finally deploy it as a service in WSO2 API Manager service catalog. You will be able to create an API from the service and you can invoke it as a managed API. Finally, the messages coming to the Kafka topics can be received via the Streaming API. 

Reviewer: @samgnaniah , please avoid using the term "we". Instead use "you".

> Once we have the relevant sinks defined we can use the AsyncAPI generation functionality in Steaming Integration Tooling to generate the relevant AsyncAPI definition and then finally deploy it as a service in WSO2 API Manager service catalog. You will be able to create an API from the service and you can invoke it as a managed API. Finally, the messages coming to the Kafka topics can be received via the Streaming API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have the relevant sinks defined you can use the AsyncAPI generation functionality in Steaming Integration Tooling to generate the relevant AsyncAPI definition and then finally deploy it as a service in WSO2 API Manager service catalog. You will be able to create an API from the service and you can invoke it as a managed API. Finally, the messages coming to the Kafka topics can be received via the Streaming API. 
```
